REFERENCES: http://openflights.org/data.html  

The Data.xml was parsed from airports.dat, airlines.dat, and routes.dat 
The data is ISO 8859-1 (Latin-1) encoded. The special value \N is used for "NULL" to indicate that no value is available, 
	and is understood automatically by MySQL if imported.

Format:

airports.dat
	Airport ID 		Unique OpenFlights identifier for this airport.
	Name 			Name of airport. May or may not contain the City name.
	City 			Main city served by airport. May be spelled differently from Name.
	Country 		Country or territory where airport is located. See countries.dat to cross-reference to ISO 3166-1 codes.
	IATA 			3-letter IATA code. Null if not assigned/unknown.
	ICAO 			4-letter ICAO code. Null if not assigned.
	Latitude 		Decimal degrees, usually to six significant digits. Negative is South, positive is North.
	Longitude 		Decimal degrees, usually to six significant digits. Negative is West, positive is East.
	Altitude 		In feet.
	Timezone 		Hours offset from UTC. Fractional hours are expressed as decimals, eg. India is 5.5.
	DST 			Daylight savings time. One of E (Europe), A (US/Canada), S (South America), O (Australia), Z (New Zealand), N (None) or U (Unknown). See also: Help: Time
	Tz database 
		time zone 	Timezone in "tz" (Olson) format, eg. "America/Los_Angeles".
	Type 			Type of the airport. Value "airport" for air terminals, "station" for train stations, "port" for ferry terminals and "unknown" if not known. 
					In airports.csv, only type=airport is included.
	Source 			Source of this data. "OurAirports" for data sourced from OurAirports, "Legacy" for old data not matched to OurAirports (mostly DAFIF), 
					"User" for unverified user contributions. In airports.csv, only source=OurAirports is included.
					

	*for Data.xml only data from Airport ID to Longitiude is considered.
	
airlines.dat
	contains 5888 airlines
	
	Airline ID 		Unique OpenFlights identifier for this airline.
	Name 			Name of the airline.
	Alias 			Alias of the airline. For example, All Nippon Airways is commonly known as "ANA".
	IATA 			2-letter IATA code, if available.
	ICAO 			3-letter ICAO code, if available.
	Callsign 		Airline callsign.
	Country 		Country or territory where airline is incorporated.
	Active 			"Y" if the airline is or has until recently been operational, "N" if it is defunct. 
					This field is not reliable: in particular, major airlines that stopped flying long ago, 
					but have not had their IATA code reassigned (eg. Ansett/AN), will incorrectly show as "Y".
					
	*for Data.xml, only data from Airline ID to Airline ICAO are considered, also exclude callsign and alias(almost all of them are null)
	
	

routes.dat

	Airline 				2-letter (IATA) or 3-letter (ICAO) code of the airline.
	Airline ID 				Unique OpenFlights identifier for airline (see Airline).
	Source airport 			3-letter (IATA) or 4-letter (ICAO) code of the source airport.
	Source airport ID 		Unique OpenFlights identifier for source airport (see Airport)
	Destination airport 	3-letter (IATA) or 4-letter (ICAO) code of the destination airport.
	Destination airport ID 	Unique OpenFlights identifier for destination airport (see Airport)
	Codeshare 				"Y" if this flight is a codeshare (that is, not operated by Airline, but another carrier), empty otherwise.
	Stops 					Number of stops on this flight ("0" for direct)
	Equipment 				3-letter codes for plane type(s) generally used on this flight, separated by spaces

	*for Data.xml, only data from airline to destination airport ID is used.

	
	
Discussion:

	1. Eventhough unique openflights identifier are common amongst three data sets, it is not reliable due to record 
		discrepancies. (some does not have unique identifier which is strange)
		use IATA instead, fallback to ICAO if IATA does not exist.
	2. some airport doesn't have either IATA or ICAO, disregard it since it is not public airport/airstrip.
		which mean it won't show up in routes.dat
		ex: 9401,"Angguruk airstrip","Angguruk","Indonesia","",\N,-4.2001,139.4329,4200,9,"U","Asia/Jayapura"
	3. only airport with either IATA or ICAO are parsed into data.xml.	

	
	